
Agenda:

1. How to work with separate repos when we need to refer to things already created in another repo (in json-ld or turtle/VOWL work)?

2. Related possibly, how to keep our work in turtle and json-ld in sync?

3. What can we nail down on Agent so that people like Connor can use it soon?

4. Tracking our economic activities, staring with time we work on github issues. Demo of prototype we currently develop in Munich during hackathon hosted by [CO-OPEN](https://github.com/CO-OPEN).

5. New issue for each meeting. To have a reference when we track time that we work on writing agenda, participaing in meeting, taking care for minutes etc.

6. Dependency graph for tasks/issues/goals and linking it to dependencies (needs) of people who offer contributing to them. Interesting proprietary webapp to visualize dependencies on tasks - https://casual.pm/

    * Map tasks/issues/goals to VF vocab
    * Track in contribution activities (sub processes?) resources used in that process / during that activity, eg. coding - computer, internet connection, physical workspace, electricity etc.

7. Bridging work with https://www.w3.org/community/economy/

8. Quick chat about https://ipfs.io ?


Chat from the online meeting

me
2:12 PM
demo:
(I'll try to take notes)
browseer, initialized with id about self
browse other related resources
goals: github issues
click on issue: track time on it
activities
will have types of activities
activity is a chunk of work
relate to the issue
posts to container anywhere on the web when record activity
container referenced by agent (uri id)
resources:
web resources
(not economic resource)
project:
software
different meanings to "project"
goal, end date vs ongoing more organizational
>> second definition to samuel
more like a group of people
can nest projects and goals as deep as you want
github repo = project right now
-so less of an organization using github right now
(elf)
notice focus on top
left: filters by type of other related entities
right side, relationship types (sort of)
--later, samual, curated list of projects etc., not just related to the person authenticated
personal entry point or portal with curation
like open source projects or cooking or whatever
.
.
where is it at?
when can we try it?
web access more and more liberal as to data published
.
soon as long as people wiling to file bug reports
we are good being testers
want it to consume data from multiple sources
maybe next couple weeks
.
other ways to infer from github data
git to prov?
.
mikey: will model the contracting he is doing, and others from craftworks
Michael Williams
2:41 PM
https://gist.github.com/ahdinosaur/2c4f7f714c75f824d8e1
me
2:42 PM
(from colab example)
.
samuel: track the time and value flows on building this app
long term, using as curated list
of open source projects of any kind
and their relations to each other
works in movie industry as camera assistance, see potential to adapt there, open source principles
do a music video
publish as open source project and map dependencies on contributions
.
and are other people who might be itnerested
.
would like to keep it tight in the beginning
feedback loops
.
movie:maybe value equation later
.
elf selfdogfood: more systematic on bus trips etc. that he does
publish everyday his activities
contributions
link dependencies
also equipment, etc.
for example uses computer to contribution, and when it breaks, people can contribute to that
people need to cover contributors
.
meet again in 2 weeks
